The marriage declaration told me so.
Isn't it canceled?
They were all little soldiers playing around.
I'm not kidding.
I consider myself a nun.
I will not marry Trieu Van Kiet either.
This little person's name is Hien Hien, you bitch.
Zhao Yunjie, what do you say?
Sir, look this is his true face.
Do you need to push me into the fire?
I absolutely will not allow Hien to be a husband who is not human.
I announce that Trieu An Kiet and my nephew, Tham Huyen Huyen.
Marriage officially broken
Know.
Say something you'd rather hear.
After a hundred years, except for our Trieu family.
Who else can protect you?
No need to worry.
Master Shen
You definitely want to turn against my Trieu family.
Turn away.
Do you really think you Trieu family can cover the sky with your fingers?
That's right. Starting today.
Our Tham family and your Trieu family do not have any Hoa Cac.
Okay.
Good.
You will regret it.
Let's go.
Grandpa, grandpa, what's wrong with you?